Dear Site Operator:
 
We are counsel for Screen International Security Services, Ltd. (“S.I.S.S.”).
Our client holds, through written assignment of copyright from the creating
author, all right, title, interest and copyright to certain private personal
audio recordings, capturing a husband and wife in private moments while in a
private residence (collectively, the "Audio").  Our client has become aware
that a third-party has retained and posted, without authorization, an
unauthorized copy of the private personal Audio.  We are writing with respect
to the unauthorized online posting and disseminating of my client's copyright
protected private Audio recording by one or more users of your site, a copy of
which is hosted and contained and made available on your site, server and/or
system (your "System"), as set forth in the below included Digital Millennium
Copyright Act ("DMCA") Notice of Infringement. 
 
DMCA NOTICE OF INFRINGEMENT: I, the undersigned, certify under penalty of
perjury that I am the agent authorized to act on behalf of the owner of certain
intellectual property rights, said owner being named S.I.S.S. ("IP Owner").  I
have a good faith belief that the materials identified hereto are not
authorized by the above IP Owners, their agent, or the law and therefore
infringe the IP Owner's rights according to state and federal law and various
territorial or international laws.  Please act expeditiously to remove or
disable access to the listed material or items claimed to be infringing.
Infringed Work and Website/URL Location(s):  The Audio appears on and/or are
made available on your site and/or system, at the following page urls:
 
http://mediacrush.net/d9EN5ciRlWXC
 
Accordingly, we hereby respectfully request that you please remove the
unauthorized and infringing uploaded copyright protected Audio from your
site/server/systems.
 
Thank you for your attention to and anticipated cooperation in this matter.
 
All rights reserved.
 
Sincerely and Truthfully, /s/ EVAN N. SPIEGEL
